Don't worry, your uncle is here.
None of them dare touch you
Uncle Wang, look, they beat me up
You have to let me out of this breath.
There must be an explanation for this today
Or break your legs
Hahahahaha
In that case, I can still consider letting you go
What are you?
Don't dare to show a gentleman here
Young people, don't be too arrogant
I think it's a red star today.
The face of the eldest sister facing the shadow
I'll spare you.
Otherwise you don't even
I'm not qualified to stand and talk to me
What are you pulling?
My uncle wolf is known as Nanshan Wolf.
That is a big man as famous as President Beishan Tiger
Don't kneel down and apologize
So you are Nanshan Wolf
I didn't expect someone like you
He would actually be a dog for the Zhao family
What a disappointment!
Your brother Zhao can call me here to give me face
I'm standing here to talk to you because I'm giving you face
Now I order you to release him immediately
Otherwise, this is where your bones are buried today
ridiculous
When did a little dragon dare to be so arrogant?
It seems that you want to fight with me today
I just don't know if you have the strength
And I Nanshan Langping
Do you think it's smart enough?
You are